P1: okay (…) today’s date is um July the 16th and um my name is detective * and I am here with Jodi * is that how you say your name = 
F5: = * = 
P1: = * okay I’m sorry =
F5: = that’s okay =
P1: = this is just formality um and this is you know if I have to you know write a report about what we’ve talked about at least I know word for word you know what you said and there’s no mistakes =
F5: = mhm =
P1: = okay so it’s for your own protection or good day we recorded (.) um and before we go any further um I need to read your Miranda rights again just to make sure um that you understand um you have the right to remain silent do you understand 
(.)
F5: yes =
P1: = anything you say may be used against you in court do you understand =
F5: = yes =
P1: = you have a right to the presence of an attorney before and during any questioning do you understand =
F5: = yes =
P1: = if you cannot afford an attorney one will be appointed for you free of charge before any questioning if you want do you understand that =
F5: = mhm =
P1: = okay (.) um (.) the reason that I wanted to talk with you this morning (.) there’s a couple of reasons actually (.) um (.) I have been um privy to the investigation and um and all of the evidence in this case um and to your conversation with detective * yesterday and (.) there’s there’s really no um let me say this that it’s obvious to me you know you’re not you’re not our typical suspect you know you you come from uh a good home a good family your parents obviously care about you and that was evident you know when they talked to me yesterday um and you’re a bright girl um (.) you’re probably more intelligent than you were that night yesterday (.) and (.) there’s no question in my mind or any other investigators’ mind um that (.) you are the person (.) that (.) took Travis’s life (.) but what I need to know what I’d like to know and give the opportunity to do is determine whether you know you’re a cold-blooded cold-hearted um murderer who slaughtered this guy or (.) are you somebody that caught up in circumstances and things got out out of control because I think that’s what happened honestly and looking at everything and all the facts and and talking to people um (.) you know it I think in every person (.) that (.) anybody can be capable of harming another person I think it’s in our nature in in general people supress that but um I think that given the right circumstances and you know the right time and the right place anybody could be you know capable of harming another person I see that on regular basis um what I generally see are the you know the cold-hearted ruthless types what I don’t see very often Jodi are people like yourself that are intelligent and spiritual and caring and um so I tend to believe that (.) it was a bad incident or circumstance if you will (.) it looks as if you know this guy Travis um (.) you know befriended you you got into this relationship and it certainly looks to me that he’s he took advantage of your generosity and your kindness um (.) you know one of the other detectives had described him to you as a player um (.) and I don’t think that’s very far off from everything that I’ve seen and I don’t think that there’s a woman out there that has been um treated badly taken advantage of by a man like that (.) and I’m hoping because (.) you came from a good family because you know you have a decent background I’m hoping that you’ll be smart about things and make some choices for yourself to help better your situation (.) when (.) this hits the news (.) um and and it will we’ll go the media (.) do you want to be portrayed as that cold-blooded cold-hearted murder because the media loves that that’s not you know they’ll be our words um their words that’s when we’ll do the press release and the media will take a look at the facts and that’s what they’ll portray it as or do you want to be portrayed as a person that didn’t didn’t mean to have any of this happen it just got out of hand and you’re remorseful you know which which way do you want to go how do you want to portray yourself (…) you’re a businesswoman is that correct (.) okay and you have a couple of different businesses going right (.) so you’re a smart girl Jodi smart woman (.) um (.) you’ve got to have a lot on the ball to be you know (.) your own businesswoman and (.) balancing everything the way you do it sounds like you had a lot going on and a lot of juggling and balancing you’re obviously very organised well-read um =
F5: = I wouldn’t say well-read and very organised =
P1: = not organised why so
(.)
F5: hm (.) I just I procrastinate some things papers pile up and things don’t bet filed on time and um quite a bit of stuff and I find it later when I don’t need any more you know I do need it I can’t find it =
P1: = okay =
F5: = it’s not incur just generally =
P1: = well maybe you’re not as organised as I as I had thought [ so
F5: [ so if I go to trial I mean I go through the experience where it’s like today is devoted to organisation and then I’ll get organised soon =
P1: = mhm =
F5: = it’ll be that way for a little while and I let it slide and then go back and clean up again = 
P1: = mhm (.) all right so (…) I think that you know the reason you’re here is I think that you should have the just at least one more shot at you know the opportunity to (.) do the right thing (.) you know you say that you’re spiritual those are my words not yours but that’s certainly what I got out of you know reading everything looking at everything that um you know you have a some sort of relationship with god or you know some sort of deep spirituality and sort of Travis and it sounds like you know you cared about what uh what Travis’s family thought of him um maybe what they thought of you do I don’t know whether you ever met them =
F5: = I mean he has a great mother = 
P1: = okay =
F5: = and ( sisters ) = 
P1: = were they good people = 
F5: = yeah and um I didn’t meet his family at his services but I saw some of his sisters and he talked about them a lot and he talked about how proud he was about his brothers and sisters because they come from a rough background but they’ve all done really well = 
P1: = mhm (.) I would imagine that keeping all of this in (.) I can only imagine because I’ve never been there myself but I can only imagine that keeping all of this in it’s just tearing you apart inside (.) um (.) it’s not hard to tell that you know you have portrayed yourself as being very strong but you can see it in your eyes Jodi 
(.)
F5: it’s not like you know it’s not that I’m detect my dad said that detective Flores told him that I was just cold yesterday and it’s not that I’m cold and just resolute and it’s not that I haven’t cried and it’s all I’ve done for the last month =
P1: = mhm =
F5: = you know and I go to work any more time and at my job I need to be a happy cheery person so I’ve gotten to suppress all of that and put on an act while I’m on the clock =
P1: = mhm =
F5: = and if I’m going to get any more clients for my business I’ve got to be an attractive person in my personality so it’s it’s not like(.)  it’s not like I haven’t I haven’t been (.) grieving him since I heard about him =
P1: = mhm (.) well (…) you know you have an image I understand that you have an image to uphold and you have to portray you know that you are together savy woman you know you’re not somebody who’s fallen apart so that’s understandable 
(.)
F5: but I fall apart when you aren’t looking and when it’s at night and I go to sleep Travis always used to call me not always but very frequently so that’s the hardest part is when I go to sleep at night and if he were to call then I would just call him and sometimes I would just call anyways to hear his voicemail 
(…)
P1: so let me go back to (…) you know the the choices that you have because again (.) there’s no doubt in anybody’s mind what happened that day there’s no doubt that you were involved that day that Travis died =
F5: = listen I know that I wasn’t involved in Travis’s death =
P1: = okay =
F5: = um and =
P1: = but what we (.) hold on what you need to decide (.) is do you want to be portrayed as that cold-blooded killer =
F5: = oh that’s what I was getting it =
P1: = or do you want to be portrayed as somebody that was taken advantage of and um you know if things just one thing led to another you thought your relationship was headed in one direction it wasn’t or you know why I don’t know exactly the circumstances because I wasn’t there but I would very certainly think that it’s to your benefit to appear as this is something that just happened you didn’t plan it it was you know um it was a heated moment and you uh didn’t mean to hurt him because you didn’t mean to hurt him did you 
(.)
F5: I’ve hurt him very much emotionally and I never meant to hurt him = 
P1: = okay =
F5: = he said that [ [inaudible] = 
P1: 			    [ so are you 
F5: = here within the death of his father =
P1: = and I I believe that um you know how how are you going to come clean with yourself between you and god if you can’t even look at his family in the face and show remorse (…) I don’t think that you’re a bad person I don’t think that you meant any of this to happen I think that things got out of control and you didn’t know what to do and you panicked (.) and I would certainly like your parents to see that your friends to see that instead of the cold-hearted killer that the evidence is screaming to show and this is you know at a certain point you got to do what’s right you know you got to get to make things right for yourself because otherwise it’s going to eat inside of you you’re going to be sitting in that cell with all of this turning inside of you it’s going to eat you up (…) just because I’m a cop doesn’t mean that I don’t care you know about humanity and people (.) um you know what I’m not sitting here judging you I’m trying to help you out (.) I’m trying to give you a chance to to make things right (.) you know show the families that you do have some remorse (.) you know you’ll apologise for the things that you’ve done if that’s what makes you feel better you know whatever it is (…) but when you continue to deny deny deny when it’s obvious that that’s not the case you here to be the cold-blooded killer (.) you know there’s (.) and the media is going to feed off of that you know when this when this goes to trial the media is there it’s not it’s not kept as secret (.) you know do you want to be out there and um like the O.G. Simpsons (.) because nobody felt sorry for him (.) you know nobody nobody respected him afterwards even though he maintained his innocence how do you want to how do you want to be portrayed (.) do you want to be portrayed as the person that you are the you know a decent person who’s had some tough times and you know just didn’t make the right choices at the time or do you want to be portrayed as a person that doesn’t care about anybody or anything 
(…)
F5: you know of course I don’t want to be portrayed as a cold-blooded murderer (.) that’s =
P1: = I believe that (.) I believe that um everybody everybody wants to tell the truth (.) because to keep that lie and it tears you up emotionally physically mentally I see that over and over again with people (…) and I believe that you didn’t want to be portrayed in the negative light that I’ve already and I’m not making that stuff up I mean that’s just reality Jodi (…) that’s the way our society works that’s the way this world works (…) and things are going to start moving real fast here for you this is kind of a pause you know before things you know start getting heavy this is this is your opportunity to help yourself out (…) when the jury looks at it (.) those are the things that they’re going to be rolling around in their mind when they decide what type of sentence to hand out or when they make a recommendation to the judge (…) those are the sorts of things that turn a jury 



